# A CRM Application to Manage the Services offered by an Institution 

# Abstract 
 
The EduConsultPro Institute is one of these leading educational institutes that annually presents a greater quantity of various courses and programs for an increasing quantity of prospective students. The service standards need effective management in admissions management, student inquiries, and expert consulting to keep them in a high position. This project will entail the design and implementation of a comprehensive CRM application using Salesforce to support this process better and improve the experience of students and admissions staff alike. The solution will consist of features in admission application management, consulting services management, and immigration case management, among others. Admission Application Management will enable prospects to make applications online and for the admission staff to trace and scrutinize the applications through automated notifications. Consulting Services Management will help students create their request for expert advice, while consultants can schedule and manage their appointments with much ease. The Immigration Case Management will provide information on immigrationrelated questions and cases. Some features of this system include automated workflows, email notifications, comprehensive dashboards, and collaboration tools. EduConsultPro Institute has now revamped pages for their prospective students, which are smooth, transparent, and easily navigated, all made possible through the use of Salesforce CRM. The sole concept, however, is developing operational efficiencies with an increased throughput in the admission process through consulting services. Now, this project aligns not just with things up front but provides a nice platform for scalable and future-fit growth. 
